Add comment related to L4 load balancer (#656)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apps/upstream-opentelemetry-collectors-language-sdks.md

* Use the `otlp` exporter in the OTel collector. Set annotation `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/backend-protocol: "GRPC"` on the K8s Ingress object proxying to APM Server.
* Use the `otlphttp` exporter in the OTel collector. Set annotation `nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/backend-protocol: "HTTP"` (or `"HTTPS"` if APM Server expects TLS) on the K8s Ingress object proxying to APM Server.

> The preferred approach is to deploy a L7 (TCP) load balancer ([NLB](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/introduction.html) on AWS) in front of APM Server, which forwards raw TCP traffic transparently without protocol inspection.

Reviewer: typoe: L4 instead of L7

Author: 🤦

> The preferred approach is to deploy a L7 (TCP) load balancer ([NLB](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/introduction.html) on AWS) in front of APM Server, which forwards raw TCP traffic transparently without protocol inspection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The preferred approach is to deploy a L4 (TCP) load balancer (e.g. [NLB](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/introduction.html) on AWS) in front of APM Server, which forwards raw TCP traffic transparently without protocol inspection.
```
